Vale github actions (#2378)
graphile/postgraphile: utils/website/pg-sql2/index.md

- Better development experience for people not using TypeScript (throws errors a lot earlier allowing you to catch issues at the source)
- Slightly more helpful error messages

> - Uses a symbol-key on the query nodes to protect against an object accidentally being inserted verbatim and being treated as valid (because every Symbol is unique an attacker would need control of the code to get a reference to the Symbol in order to set it on an object (it cannot be serialised/deserialised via JSON or any other medium), and if the attacker has control of the code then you've already lost)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uses a symbol-key on the query nodes to protect against an object accidentally being inserted verbatim and being treated as valid (because every Symbol is unique an attacker would need control of the code to get a reference to the Symbol in order to set it on an object (it can't be serialised/deserialised via JSON or any other medium), and if the attacker has control of the code then you've already lost)
```

> - Adds `sql.literal` which is similar to `sql.value` but when used with simple values can write the valid direct to the SQL statement. **Use with caution**. The purpose for this is if you are using _trusted_ values (e.g. for the keys to [`json_build_object(...)`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/static/functions-json.html)) then debugging your SQL becomes a lot easier because fewer placeholders are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `sql.literal` which is similar to `sql.value` but when used with simple values can write the valid direct to the SQL statement. **Use with caution**. The purpose for this is if you are using _trusted_ values (for example the keys to [`json_build_object(...)`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/static/functions-json.html)) then debugging your SQL becomes a lot easier because fewer placeholders are used.
```
